Support install with conda. (#60)
stefpeschel/NetCoMi: readme.Rmd

devtools::install_github("zdk123/SpiecEasi")
```

> You can also install NetCoMi from conda bioconda channel with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bioconda

Thanks to [@daydream-boost](https://github.com/daydream-boost), NetCoMi can also 
be installed from conda bioconda channel with
```

Author: Yes. I have updated the readme. Thank you for your review.
